I've got two questions for you question
number one can you speak another
language and question number two are you
currently advertising in Google if you
answered yes to those two questions you
have a serious competitive advantage
that you might not be taking advantage
of right now I'm going to show you in
this video how you can use language
targeting to reach customers in a whole
new way on google adwords and
dramatically reduce your cost to do so
so i'm gonna jump into the Google
Keyword planner and show you what it is
exactly that I'm talking about let's get
started
I'm gonna show you guys some real
examples of how AdWords language
targeting is so powerful and how you can
really reduce your cost and find another
way to reach users so the example I'm
gonna show you here is divorce attorneys
so if you look down here at this keyword
I have selected divorce attorney
it says the estimated top of page bid so
if you want to be on the top of the page
when someone search divorce attorney it
you got to spend thirty five dollars in
three cents and this is based on all
locations now let's go ahead and see how
much it would cost to reach somebody
who's looking for a divorce attorney but
in this example Spanish so one thing to
note is if you are gonna target another
language you have to make sure that your
ads your keywords and your landing pages
are in the language of the person you're
trying to reach so in this example we're
gonna do Spanish so we want to make sure
that we have an ad that is in Spanish a
keyword in Spanish and the landing page
in Spanish so we're gonna go ahead and
put a divorce attorney but in Spanish so
this is how you say divorce attorney in
Spanish let's go ahead and search that
and see how much this is gonna cost us
so to reach somebody looking for a
divorce attorney in Spanish it's only
gonna cost us to be on the top of the
page four dollars and 88 cents
that's crazy if we wanted to reach
somebody looking for a divorce attorney
in English it was gonna cost us
thirty-six dollars
can you guys see the power of language
targeting and if you're wondering well
why is that why is it that it's more
expensive to reach people in English
than it is in Spanish and the reason is
everyone is only bidding on English the
level of competition is so much lower in
other languages so if you understand how
to speak a different language you have a
huge competitive advantage now there's
one at 10000 average monthly searches of
people searching for divorce attorneys
in Spanish think about how much business
that can generate for you and the
returns you can get so this same process
can apply to different types of keywords
for different businesses I just wanted
to use the divorce attorney as an
example here but this can apply to other
languages as well you know if you speak
Arabic French anything any other
language you can do this same process
just remember you have to have the
keyword the ad and the landing page all
in the language that you are trying to
target now there are some negatives
though when it comes to language
targeting and the only real negative
when it comes to language targeting is
your volume is gonna drop off
significantly more people search in
English than they do other languages but
with language targeting you can reach
people a lot cheaper and actually
increase your conversions so it's a
small price to pay you won't be able to
reach as many people but the people you
do reach you'll reach them for a lot
less okay now that I've hopefully sold
you on the benefits of language
targeting you're probably wondering okay
Silvio this is amazing language
targeting is awesome I want to do this
but how do I actually do it so I'm gonna
actually walk you step-by-step how to
create a campaign and set the language
that you want to target so just go ahead
and go to your AdWords dashboard and
you're gonna go ahead and click on this
blue plus button you're gonna click the
new campaign in this case for the
example we're gonna create a campaign
without a goal we're gonna create a
search campaign we're gonna hit continue
and now when you scroll down and you're
going and choosing your campaign
settings down here at languages this is
where you're gonna choose what language
you want to target so we're gonna go
ahead and delete English and we're gonna
go ahead and search for Spanish there
you go and now this campaign is actually
targeting Spanish so then once you
finish all your other campaign settings
and you have a how you like you just
click Save and continue and then now
you're actually targeting people in
Spanish and again remember now that
you're targeting people in Spanish in
this example make sure you're using
keywords that are in Spanish your ads
are in Spanish and the page you're
sending your traffic to is also in
Spanish that's it for this video if you
got some value please go ahead and feel
free to like comment and subscribe and
stay tuned for future content on AdWords
Facebook and pay-per-click advertising
[Music]